Add support contact details (#2811)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/dbt-ecosystem/sl-partner-integration-guide.md

## Contact us

> ### For dbt Semantic Layer Support

Reviewer: sentence case per style guide

```suggestion
### For dbt Semantic Layer support
```

> For partner and customer support, please reach out via [support@dbtlabs.com](mailto:support@dbtlabs.com). Please ensure the subject line includes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For partner and customer support, please reach out via [support@dbtlabs.com](mailto:support@dbtlabs.com). Please ensure the message includes:
```

- "Semantic Layer"
- The name of the partner software

> - The account ID of the customer, if the partner is making the inquiry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The dbt cloud account ID of the customer, if the partner is making the inquiry
```

> - The dbt Cloud account ID of the customer, if the partner is making the inquiry

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The dbt Cloud account ID of the customer, if you are a partner making the inquiry
```
